<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>27 </title>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<link rel="license" type="text/html" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/" />
<meta name="generator" content="Bluefish 2.2.7" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="base.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="content.css" />
<!--[if lt IE 9]><script type="text/javascript" src="exe_html5.js"></script><![endif]-->
<script type="text/javascript" src="exe_jquery.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="common_i18n.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="common.js"></script>
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
	</head>
<body class="exe-epub3" id="exe-node-20">
<div id="outer">
<section id="main">
<article class="iDevice_wrapper FreeTextIdevice" id="id16">
<div class="iDevice emphasis0">
<div id="ta16_85" class="block iDevice_content">
<h1>Teacher’s Corner 1.2</h1>
<div class="vc_row wpb_row vc_row-fluid">
<div class="wpb_column vc_column_container vc_col-sm-12">
<div class="vc_column-inner ">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<div class="wpb_text_column wpb_content_element  vc_custom_1507621320190">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<p>● Begin with a discussion of commonly used machines and their parts. Explain  that a computer is also a machine that is made up of many parts that work together.</p>
<p>● Show the various parts of a computer and explain their functions. If a computer is not available, draw a diagram on the blackboard or distribute pictures. Parts such as printer, speakers, etc. can be covered depending on existing familiarity and the pace at which the children learn.</p>
<p>● Demonstrate the function of each part of the computer. Open a ﬁle and type the names of a few students in it. Tell them about the Keyboard. Ask the class where the letters are showing up while typing. They will point to the screen. Ask them what it resembles and they will say TV. Tell them that it is called the Monitor.</p>
<p>● Now move the Mouse, and ask the students what is moving on the screen while moving the mouse? Teach them about the mouse pointer.</p>
<p>● Arouse their curiosity by asking, “How did the computer write the names on the screen when you were typing the letters?” Tell them that the CPU is doing this work. If there is a printer available, print the names of students in the class using a Printer.</p>
<p>● Play some music or rhymes without showing how it is done. While the music ﬁle is playing, ask the students where the sound is coming from. Tell them about the Speakers.</p>
<p>● Pointing at the CPU, ask them, “Why does the CPU have many wires?” Summarise  their responses and say it is because the diﬀerent parts of the computer – monitor, mouse, keyboard, speakers, and printer – are all connected to the CPU.  Just as your head controls your hands and legs, the CPU is the computer’s head and it controls all its parts.</p>
<p>● Mention about laptop and where are the diﬀerent parts in it. (For Laptops/computers with inbuilt speakers, there are no separate speakers.) Remember to adapt your explanation to suit the kind of system you are using at your school.</p>
<p>● Conclude the lesson with a discussion about how the computer works. Emphasize that it will not do anything until you tell it exactly what to do.</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="vc_row wpb_row vc_row-fluid">
<div class="wpb_column vc_column_container vc_col-sm-12">
<div class="vc_column-inner ">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<div class="vc_empty_space"><span class="vc_empty_space_inner"></span></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="vc_row wpb_row vc_row-fluid">
<div class="wpb_column vc_column_container vc_col-sm-12">
<div class="vc_column-inner ">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<div class="wpb_text_column wpb_content_element  vc_custom_1507705254886">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<p><strong>Further Reading :</strong><br />http://www.computerlabkids.com/parts.htm<br />http://library.thinkquest.org/5862/partsof.htm<br />http://www.kidsdomain.com/brain/computer/lesson/comp_les1.html</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p></p>
</div>
</div>
</article>
</section>
</div>
<script type="text/javascript" src="_standardwhite_js.js"></script></body></html>