<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Teacher's Corner 1.6 </title>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<link rel="license" type="text/html" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/" />
<meta name="generator" content="eXeLearning 2.2 - exelearning.net" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="base.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="content.css" />
<!--[if lt IE 9]><script type="text/javascript" src="exe_html5.js"></script><![endif]-->
<script type="text/javascript" src="exe_jquery.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="common_i18n.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="common.js"></script>
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
	</head>
<body class="exe-epub3" id="exe-node-48">
  
 
 
 
 
<section id="page55" class="vc_section page1  vc_custom_1507621008198 vc_section-has-fill page-active">
<div class="vc_row wpb_row vc_row-fluid">
<div class="wpb_column vc_column_container vc_col-sm-12">
<div class="vc_column-inner ">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<div class="wpb_text_column wpb_content_element  vc_custom_1507623465582">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<h1>Teacher’s Corner 1.6</h1>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="vc_row wpb_row vc_row-fluid">
<div class="wpb_column vc_column_container vc_col-sm-12">
<div class="vc_column-inner ">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<div class="wpb_text_column wpb_content_element  vc_custom_1507621320190">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<p>● Revise the activities you can do using computer, as taught in the ﬁrst lesson. Arouse students’ interest by asking them if they want to learn how to draw using a computer.</p>
<p>● Open the Paint program and draw something. They will be eager to try it on their own. Now close the program and show the steps to open the program. For convenience, create a shortcut to Tux paint on the desktop. Point to the Tux Paint icon with the mouse pointer, select it and press Enter. Tell them that they can also double click on the icon to start the program.</p>
<p>● Talk about the Canvas area, the Colour Palette and the Toolbar. Explain that the canvas area is just like the paper we use for drawing. The colour palette is the colour dish where they can dip their brush in the chosen colour.</p>
<p>● Now show them the Open option in the toolbar. A set of pictures will open; select a picture of their choosing and double click to open it. Illustrate how to colour the picture, using the Magic option of ﬁll and the Colour Palette. After colouring, indicate that the picture has to be saved so that it is not lost. You can associate this with how papers are ﬁled for later use.</p>
<p>● Allow the students to practice starting the Paint program, opening a picture and colouring it. Let them discover other Magic options on their own. Summarize how to start and use the program. Emphasize the importance of saving what they paint.</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="vc_row wpb_row vc_row-fluid">
<div class="wpb_column vc_column_container vc_col-sm-12">
<div class="vc_column-inner ">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<div class="wpb_text_column wpb_content_element  vc_custom_1507889546019">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<p><strong>Further Reading :</strong><br /> http://www.tuxpaint.org/</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</section>
  
<script type="text/javascript" src="_standardwhite_js.js"></script></body></html>