<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Teacher's Corner 1.4 </title>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<link rel="license" type="text/html" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/" />
<meta name="generator" content="eXeLearning 2.2 - exelearning.net" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="base.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="content.css" />
<!--[if lt IE 9]><script type="text/javascript" src="exe_html5.js"></script><![endif]-->
<script type="text/javascript" src="exe_jquery.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="common_i18n.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="common.js"></script>
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
	</head>
<body class="exe-epub3" id="exe-node-35">
  
 
 
 
 
<section id="page42" class="vc_section page1  vc_custom_1507621008198 vc_section-has-fill page-active">
<div class="vc_row wpb_row vc_row-fluid">
<div class="wpb_column vc_column_container vc_col-sm-12">
<div class="vc_column-inner ">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<div class="wpb_text_column wpb_content_element  vc_custom_1507623465582">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<h1>Teacher’s Corner 1.4</h1>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="vc_row wpb_row vc_row-fluid">
<div class="wpb_column vc_column_container vc_col-sm-12">
<div class="vc_column-inner ">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<div class="wpb_text_column wpb_content_element  vc_custom_1507621320190">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<p>● Arouse the curiosity of students by telling them that learning to use the mouse will enable them to play several interesting games. Hold up the computer mouse and start a discussion on how it resembles a real mouse. You can remind them about what they have studied about the mouse in the lesson on parts of the computer. Also remind them about how it is important not to pull the wire connected to the computer mouse. Demonstrate how a pointer moves on the screen, corresponding to the mouse’s movement on the mouse pad. Emphasize that the mouse pad is the mouse’s “home,” and that it never leaves it’s house.</p>
<p>● Pass the computer mouse around. Ask them to see if there is anything on the mouse that can be pressed like a door bell. Let them notice the kind of sound it makes. Tell them it is called ‘click’ and that there are two buttons on the mouse that can be clicked. It may be useful to ask questions like “with which hand do you eat food?” and instruct them accordingly. [Ensure that you are standing with the students and not facing them while showing them the right and left buttons, otherwise they will get confused.]</p>
<p>● Draw their attention to a wheel like object in between the two buttons, and tell them<br /> that it is called the scroll button. Create a ﬁle with all the names of the students in alphabetical order and ask each student to locate his/her name. Automatically the student<br /> will use the scroll button to go up/down the ﬁle. Remember that learning usage of mouse is an intuitive experience for students. Hence, it is important to provide as much hands-on experience as possible when teaching this lesson.</p>
<p>●Create a short cut for the Educational suite Gcompris on the desktop and demonstrate how you can open the games by clicking the left mouse button twice. As you open a game, ask the students to see how the pointer changes at diﬀerent times. While the game is opening, show them how the pointer becomes a circle with spokes moving. This indicates that the CPU is opening the game and you should wait. Use the arrow to point to a particular game and select it by clicking the left button. Depending upon the understanding of students, introduce the use of right click.</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="vc_row wpb_row vc_row-fluid">
<div class="wpb_column vc_column_container vc_col-sm-12">
<div class="vc_column-inner ">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<div class="wpb_text_column wpb_content_element  vc_custom_1507881827912">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<p><strong>Further Reading :</strong><br /> http://www.webopedia.com/TERM/m/mouse.html<br /> http://www.howstuﬀworks.com/mouse.htm</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</section>
  
<script type="text/javascript" src="_standardwhite_js.js"></script></body></html>