<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Teacher's Corner 1.8 </title>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<link rel="license" type="text/html" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/" />
<meta name="generator" content="eXeLearning 2.2 - exelearning.net" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="base.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="content.css" />
<!--[if lt IE 9]><script type="text/javascript" src="exe_html5.js"></script><![endif]-->
<script type="text/javascript" src="exe_jquery.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="common_i18n.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="common.js"></script>
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
	</head>
<body class="exe-epub3" id="exe-node-60">
  
 
 
 
 
<section id="page67" class="vc_section page1  vc_custom_1507621008198 vc_section-has-fill page-active">
<div class="vc_row wpb_row vc_row-fluid">
<div class="wpb_column vc_column_container vc_col-sm-12">
<div class="vc_column-inner ">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<div class="wpb_text_column wpb_content_element  vc_custom_1507623465582">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<h1>Teacher’s Corner 1.8</h1>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="vc_row wpb_row vc_row-fluid">
<div class="wpb_column vc_column_container vc_col-sm-12">
<div class="vc_column-inner ">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<div class="wpb_text_column wpb_content_element  vc_custom_1507621320190">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<p>● Prepare for the lesson by creating an icon for the music player on the desktop. This is done as follows: Clicking on Applications=&gt;Multimedia gives a list of music and movie playing software installed on the system. Drag the entry corresponding to a music player on to the desktop to create an icon for it. Also create some music ﬁles on the desktop. This is done by copying the ﬁles from its original location to the desktop.</p>
<p>● Introduce the topic by asking students how they usually listen to music. Expected answers: tape recorder, radio, CD player, maybe even mobile phones and computers.</p>
<p>● Show them the music player icon and double click to launch the program. Make sure the application already contain some music ﬁles so that when you open it, the children can see a list of songs.</p>
<p>● Select a ﬁle and click on the Play button. Let them watch the window as the music plays.<br /> Ask them to ﬁnd other buttons. Show them the Pause, Next, Previous, and Stop buttons.</p>
<p>● Click on the Pause button to show its function. Similarly click on the other buttons and show what they do.</p>
<p>● Ask the students to play songs by themselves.</p>
<p>● If possible, create a small recording of some of the children singing and play it to demonstrate how music ﬁles are made.</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="vc_row wpb_row vc_row-fluid">
<div class="wpb_column vc_column_container vc_col-sm-12">
<div class="vc_column-inner ">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<div class="wpb_text_column wpb_content_element  vc_custom_1507889546019">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<p><strong>Further Reading :</strong><br /> http://www.videolan.org/vlc/</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</section>
  
<script type="text/javascript" src="_standardwhite_js.js"></script></body></html>