<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Teacher's Corner 1.9 </title>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<link rel="license" type="text/html" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/" />
<meta name="generator" content="eXeLearning 2.2 - exelearning.net" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="base.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="content.css" />
<!--[if lt IE 9]><script type="text/javascript" src="exe_html5.js"></script><![endif]-->
<script type="text/javascript" src="exe_jquery.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="common_i18n.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="common.js"></script>
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
	</head>
<body class="exe-epub3" id="exe-node-67">
  
 
 
 
 
<section id="page74" class="vc_section page1  vc_custom_1507621008198 vc_section-has-fill page-active">
<div class="vc_row wpb_row vc_row-fluid">
<div class="wpb_column vc_column_container vc_col-sm-12">
<div class="vc_column-inner ">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<div class="wpb_text_column wpb_content_element  vc_custom_1507623465582">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<h1>Teacher’s Corner 1.9</h1>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="vc_row wpb_row vc_row-fluid">
<div class="wpb_column vc_column_container vc_col-sm-12">
<div class="vc_column-inner ">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<div class="wpb_text_column wpb_content_element  vc_custom_1507621320190">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<p>● Install a variety of wall papers, some music ﬁles and create shortcut icons to paint, music player and GCompris. Start the class by asking the students to observe the monitor after the computer has been switched on. Tell them about the Desktop. It is from here that the activities can be started. Ask them how they start Paint or play games. Most of them will be able to select the correct icon and double click it.</p>
<p>● Open a Paint application. Open a music player and play music. Do these steps slowly so that students can observe what you do. Ask them what happens to Tux paint when the music application is started. Tell them about selecting a window to make it active.</p>
<p>● Let the students look at the Desktop. Ask them to observe carefully and say if they can see a small window for the activities they are doing. Tell them about the Taskbar and how clicking on the icon in it makes the window active.</p>
<p>● Introduce the Title bar. Show how clicking on ’-’ minimizes the window and clicking on the ‘x’ closes the window.</p>
<p>● Close all the applications. Ask the students to look at the diﬀerent computers to check if the pictures on the desktop are different. Tell them that the background picture is called the wallpaper and that they can change it. Teach them how to change the wallpaper. Let them explore the diﬀerent styles. Summarize the lesson, revise the concepts of Desktop, icons, Title bar, Taskbar and Wallpaper.</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="vc_row wpb_row vc_row-fluid">
<div class="wpb_column vc_column_container vc_col-sm-12">
<div class="vc_column-inner ">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<div class="wpb_text_column wpb_content_element  vc_custom_1507889546019">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<p><strong>Further Reading :</strong><br /> http://www.kidsdomain.com/brain/computer/lesson/comp_les8b.html</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</section>
  
<script type="text/javascript" src="_standardwhite_js.js"></script></body></html>