<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Teacher's Corner 1.5 </title>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<link rel="license" type="text/html" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/" />
<meta name="generator" content="eXeLearning 2.2 - exelearning.net" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="base.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="content.css" />
<!--[if lt IE 9]><script type="text/javascript" src="exe_html5.js"></script><![endif]-->
<script type="text/javascript" src="exe_jquery.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="common_i18n.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="common.js"></script>
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
	</head>
<body class="exe-epub3" id="exe-node-41">
  
 
 
 
 
<section id="page48" class="vc_section page1  vc_custom_1507621008198 vc_section-has-fill page-active">
<div class="vc_row wpb_row vc_row-fluid">
<div class="wpb_column vc_column_container vc_col-sm-12">
<div class="vc_column-inner ">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<div class="wpb_text_column wpb_content_element  vc_custom_1507623465582">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<h1>Teacher’s Corner 1.5</h1>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="vc_row wpb_row vc_row-fluid">
<div class="wpb_column vc_column_container vc_col-sm-12">
<div class="vc_column-inner ">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<div class="wpb_text_column wpb_content_element  vc_custom_1507621320190">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<p>● Begin by revising the lesson on parts of the computer. Engage students in a discussion about the keyboard.</p>
<p>● Show a computer keyboard and ask “What do you see on it?” They may say A to Z, 1, 2, 3 and so on. Tell them that the keyboard has letters, numbers and other special keys. Just as they use a pencil to write in a book, a keyboard is used to write with a computer.</p>
<p>● Open a Text Editor and allow them to write their names. If there is not enough time, give a demonstration. Mention the uses of the Space bar, Backspace and Enter keys. Depending on the questions asked by the children, you may introduce Shift and/or Caps Lock keys.</p>
<p>● Open a game by selecting GCompris on the desktop and press Enter key. In some computers, this is also called Return key. Explain the use of Enter key for starting an application.</p>
<p>● Let them take turns to play the game, to get as much direct experience with the keyboard as possible, till the end of the class.</p>
<p>Note: Activities in this lesson provide exercises for maths along with practicing keyboard<br /> skills. It can also be used in the maths class, to increase their interest in maths!</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="vc_row wpb_row vc_row-fluid">
<div class="wpb_column vc_column_container vc_col-sm-12">
<div class="vc_column-inner ">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<div class="wpb_text_column wpb_content_element  vc_custom_1507889546019">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<p><strong>Further Reading :</strong><br /> http://www.ckls.org/~crippel/computerlab/tutorials/keyboard/page1.html<br /> http://www.aarp.org/learntech/computers/howto/a2002-07-15-keyboardbasics.html</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</section>
  
<script type="text/javascript" src="_standardwhite_js.js"></script></body></html>