<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Teacher's Corner 1.1 </title>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<link rel="license" type="text/html" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/" />
<meta name="generator" content="eXeLearning 2.2 - exelearning.net" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="base.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="content.css" />
<!--[if lt IE 9]><script type="text/javascript" src="exe_html5.js"></script><![endif]-->
<script type="text/javascript" src="exe_jquery.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="common_i18n.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="common.js"></script>
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
	</head>
<body class="exe-epub3" id="exe-node-11">
  
 
 
 
 
<h1>Teacher’s Corner 1.1</h1>
<p><span style="font-weight: normal; font-size: 8pt;">● Begin the lesson by discussing the concept of machines with students.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 8pt;">● Introduce the computer as a versatile machine that can be used for many things. Here, involve the children in a discussion about the places where they have seen a computer (home, airport, railway station, bank, school, movie theater) and how it can help people perform various tasks in those places.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 8pt;">● Mention other interesting uses that children can identify with – for example, computers are used in the making of cartoon ﬁlms, they are used in designing various things such as toys, books, buildings, etc.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 8pt;">● Arouse their curiosity by asking whether they would like to use computers. Demonstrate some simple applications of computers such as listening to music, watching video clips, drawing a picture, playing games, doing sums, writing, etc.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 8pt;">● Keep some audio/ video clips on the computer, for example, rhymes, cartoons. Play these and let them watch. If you have the time, you may repeat a few as per their demand.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 8pt;"></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 8pt;"><strong>Further Reading:</strong><br /><span>http://www.howstuﬀworks.com/</span><br /><span>http://library.thinkquest.org/5862/</span></span></p>
  
<script type="text/javascript" src="_standardwhite_js.js"></script></body></html>