<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Teacher's Corner 1.3 </title>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<link rel="license" type="text/html" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/" />
<meta name="generator" content="eXeLearning 2.2 - exelearning.net" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="base.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="content.css" />
<!--[if lt IE 9]><script type="text/javascript" src="exe_html5.js"></script><![endif]-->
<script type="text/javascript" src="exe_jquery.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="common_i18n.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="common.js"></script>
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
	</head>
<body class="exe-epub3" id="exe-node-29">
  
 
 
 
 
<section id="page36" class="vc_section page1  vc_custom_1507621008198 vc_section-has-fill page-active">
<div class="vc_row wpb_row vc_row-fluid">
<div class="wpb_column vc_column_container vc_col-sm-12">
<div class="vc_column-inner ">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<div class="wpb_text_column wpb_content_element  vc_custom_1507623465582">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<h1>Teacher’s Corner 1.3</h1>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="vc_row wpb_row vc_row-fluid">
<div class="wpb_column vc_column_container vc_col-sm-12">
<div class="vc_column-inner ">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<div class="wpb_text_column wpb_content_element  vc_custom_1507621320190">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<p>●  Begin the lesson by asking, “what makes the computer work?” Lead them to discover that it  needs to be plugged in. Ask them to think of other things that need electricity,  e.g., TV. Ask if they know the dangers associated with electrical wires and electrical outlets.  Summarise the safety issues. Emphasize that the teacher must be asked  every time the computer is to be turned on or oﬀ.</p>
<p>● Ask, “What will happen if they bang on the keyboard or if they pull the mouse?”.  Summarise that the computer is a delicate machine.</p>
<p>●Ask them what would happen if water or food spills on or near the computer. You may get a variety of responses ranging from “Mommy will shout” to “There will be a bomb blast”! Clarify  their myths and inform them as to why they should not eat or drink near computer.</p>
<p>●  Ask, “what will happen if they put their heads very close to the monitor, how long should they work on a computer?”  Show students the proper way to position the neck when viewing the  monitor. You can summarize their responses and ﬁnally give the<br /> children following guidelines:<br /> a) Keep your eyes at least at an arm’s distance from the monitor.<br /> b) Keep your neck straight so that you are not looking up or down at the monitor.<br /> c) After every 10 minutes of using the computer, move your eyes and neck.<br /> d) Stretch your hands and ﬁngers if you are using the keyboard or mouse.<br /> Demonstrate the proper way to position the wrist when using the keyboard and mouse.<br /> Show a few simple eye and neck rotations and stretching exercises.</p>
<p>●Talk about how loud sounds can damage our ears. Tell them to keep the volume of speakers at a comfortable level. Lead a discussion on appropriate team behaviour – sharing, giving space, taking turns, not crowding, pushing, pulling, etc. Tell them to take turns when using the  keyboard or the mouse. You can ask them, “What will happen if nobody wants to share the  computer at school? Will everybody be able to learn? Will they enjoy using computers as much  without their friends?”</p>
<p></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="vc_row wpb_row vc_row-fluid">
<div class="wpb_column vc_column_container vc_col-sm-12">
<div class="vc_column-inner ">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<div class="wpb_text_column wpb_content_element  vc_custom_1507705254886">
<div class="wpb_wrapper">
<p><strong>Further Reading :</strong><br /> <a href="http://www.tifaq.org/kids/kids.htmlhttp://orosha.org/cergos/">http://www.computerlabkids.com/parts.htm</a><br /> <a href="http://www.tifaq.org/kids/kids.htmlhttp://orosha.org/cergos/">http://library.thinkquest.org/5862/partsof.htm</a><br /> <a href="http://www.tifaq.org/kids/kids.htmlhttp://orosha.org/cergos/">http://www.kidsdomain.com/brain/computer/lesson/comp_les1.html</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</section>
  
<script type="text/javascript" src="_standardwhite_js.js"></script></body></html>